== Simple example of AngularJS with Rails

This is a very simple example of using AngularJS to improve the interactions within a page of a Rails application.
The intent is to provide an easy-to-use basic starter for getting AngularJS into a Rails application to begin
making use of it.

All this application does is:

1. Load a page allowing searching of merchants by ID. The page has a block on the left with the form, and a block on the right for showing the results.

2. When you enter an ID, it uses AngularJS to make a call back to the Rails application. It invokes an API endpoint that returns JSON with a merchant name and address.

3. When the API call returns, AngularJS updates the right-hand block with the name and address returned.

4. If nothing is found, an error message is displayed.

== Running the Demo

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.

2. cd into the cloned repository

3. bundle install

4. rails s

5. Point your browser to localhost/control_center (also linked from the app's public index page)

6. Where it asks you to enter an ID, type in 1 and click Search. The first dummy merchant will be shown.

7. Try entering 42 and clicking Search. An error message will be shown.

That's it. Take a look at the control_center/index.html.erb to see what the view looks like. Then look at app/assets/javascripts/controllers.js, which contains the Javascript code for the AngularJS app. Then look at the api_controller to see the dummied-out API endpoint.

== Basic Notes

* No database is used. The Rails side has dummy data for a couple of merchants.
* Merchants will be returned for IDs 1 and 2 only. IDs of 0 or 3+ will return an error.
* The API has a hard-coded sleep of 3 seconds in order to demonstrate showing a loading indicator that appears atop the form.
* AngularJS is using the Restangular library (https://github.com/mgonto/restangular) to perform the API call.
* The AngularJS controller is written in a very simple way to make the API call, not using a service or anything fancy.

== What's Here

* vendor/assets/javascripts contains angular.min.js, lodash.min.js, and restangular.min.js
* app/assets/javascripts contains controllers.js, which is where the AngularJS code lives for the application
* app/assets/javascripts/application.js ensures that all of the above are loaded
* app/controllers/control_center_controller.rb is for the page -- it does nothing, really
* app/views/control_center/index.html.erb is the page
* app/controllers/api_controller.rb contains the demo API endpoint

== That's It

And that's all there is to it. I may add more example stuff to this but it's intentionally very simple so that
someone just starting out with AngularJS can have a basic example showing how to begin. I hope it's useful.
